Clara, my dear's daughter, it's been one year since your grandma died, and I'm head of the conglomerate.
I'm so happy when John told me your real life.
No one will separate us again, but where are you? I've been looking for you. I miss you so much.
Mrs. Walker, Mrs. Walker, is it newsable Clara? No, but there's trouble with your son. He got into a fight with the janitor's daughter.
How daresome low life touch my son?
Mr. Walker, please calm down. I'll inform the HR department to have this bridge fired.
Why are you hurting my daughter?
Oh look, the janitor's here.
Follow the daughter moment, this is getting good.
You did this to my daughter? I will destroy you!
Grilla, they say you are prettier than me in the office.
So what? You're just a filthy janitor's daughter.
I would advise you to apologize to Mr. Walker right now and get out.
I was just trying to collect my dad's $10,000 check that you owe him.
I accidentally stepped on his foot and he kicked and slapped me.
And that caught on his hand and he did that to himself.
Now he wants me to get on me and he's a begging for forgiveness.
Why? That's just bullying.
Because he's my son, he's the Walker heir.
Mom? What are you doing here?
I came to see who's bullying my son.
I didn't do anything. Your son is the one who did this.
Your first mistake was being born into a shitty little family.
And then you dare to assault my son?
Slap yourself and apologize to my son.
Or you can forget your father's pay.
And you'll lose your job. Neither of you will work in LA again.